== README

What is it?
-----------

Welcome to HandOff! A simple and beautiful patient management solution for interns and residents. As a medical student in an ever-evolving technological world, we see shortcomings. The hoops through which residents had to jump to simply sign out their patients to the next team were cumbersome and insecure. The aim of the Hand-Off (c)(tm) team is to provide a secure, organized and homogenized patient organization system.

Language Versions
-----------------
Hand-off is built on a Ruby on Rails backbone: Ruby Version 2.2.3p173 (2015-08-18 revision 51636) [x86_64-darwin14]

Angular.js front end: version 1.5.2

System Dependencies:
--------------------
This app uses AngularJS camelCase to Human Filter.
https://github.com/jdpedrie/angularjs-camelCase-to-human-filter


Also uses Browserify Rails.
https://github.com/browserify-rails/browserify-rails


Local Configuration and Installation Instructions:
--------------------------------------------
1. Download the app to a directory.
2. In terminal, run Bundle install
3. Run $ npm install
4. run $ npm install --save angular-camelcase-to-human
5. Start a rails server using command "rails server"
6. Navigate to http://localhost:3000
7. Open the index file.

Bugs/Concerns
-------------

Currently the app is still under construction. Full CRUD infrastructure is complete on the back-end. Front end to come soon.

Still working on implementing full API function, as well as acquiring API key for a prescription medication database.


Copyright and Licensing information
-----------------------------------

Copyright Team DadBod 2016

Team Dad Bod is:

Mohamed Chalal- mohamedrchalal@gmail.com
Ryan Krolick- rkrolick@gmail.com
Vijender Bajwa- vbajwamd@gmail.com

Special thanks to
-------------------------------
Brian Fritz from ICD-10 API
http://icd10api.com/
